# UR3e Digital Twin

This repository holds the material needed to build a Digital Twin for the Universal Robots UR3e robotic arm.

# Contents
- [UR3e Digital Twin](#ur3e-digital-twin)
- [Contents](#contents)
- [Structure](#structure)
- [Repository Maintenance](#repository-maintenance)

# Structure
The purpose of this `README` file is to provide an overview of the repository structure and the contents of the different folders. In the different folders, there are more detailed `README` files that provide a more detailed description of the contents of the folder.

The repository is structured as follows:
- [0_pre_requisites/](0_pre_requisites/): Contains the pre-requisites for the project. **You should start here before running any of the examples.**
- [data/](data/): Contains data used in the examples.
  - [dt_data/](data/dt_data/): Contains data generated by the Digital Twin.
  - [pt_data/](data/pt_data/): Contains data generated by the Physical Twin.
- [task_specifications/](task_specifications/): Contains task specifications for pick-and-place tasks.
- [examples/](examples/): Contains examples of how to interact with the models. 
- [models/](models/): Contains the models for the UR3e Digital Twin.
  - [kinematic_model/](models/kinematic_model/): Contains the kinematic model for the UR3e robot.
  - [robot_visualizer/](models/robot_visualizer/): Contains the code for the robot visualizer.
  - [spatial_model/](models/spatial_model/): Contains the spatial model for the UR3e robot.
  - [timing_model/](models/timing_model/): Contains the timing model for the UR3e robot.
- [physical_twin/](physical_twin/): Contains the code for the Physical Twin.
  - [controller/](physical_twin/controller/): Contains the controller for the Physical Twin.
  - [robot_arm_mockup/](physical_twin/robot_arm_mockup/): Contains the mockup for the robot arm.
- [startup/](startup/): Contains the code for starting up different modules. 


# Repository Maintenance
Ensure that documentation links are not broken and update readme files as needed.

To ensure that the documentation links are not broken, run the following command in the root folder of the repository:
```bash
Get-ChildItem -Include *.md -Recurse | Foreach {markdown-link-check --config .\markdown_link_check_config.json $_.fullname}
```
This uses the `markdown-link-check` package to check all the links in the markdown files. If this tool is not installed, you can install it globally using the following command:
```bash
npm install -g markdown-link-check
```